README.md, before:

# Granola Importer Plugin for Obsidian

A lean, beautiful Obsidian plugin that imports your Granola notes with perfect formatting preservation.

## Features

- **One-click import** of all your Granola notes
- **Perfect formatting preservation** from ProseMirror to Markdown
- **Secure credential management** with automatic detection
- **Smart conflict resolution** for existing notes
- **Minimal footprint** with optimized bundle size (6.6KB)
- **Cross-platform support** (macOS, Windows, Linux)

## Installation

### Manual Installation

1. Download the latest release
2. Extract `main.js`, `manifest.json`, and `styles.css` to your vault's `.obsidian/plugins/granola-importer/` folder
3. Enable the plugin in Obsidian Settings → Community Plugins

### Development

```bash
git clone https://github.com/amittell/obsidian-granola.git
cd obsidian-granola
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Usage

1. **Ensure Granola is installed** and you've used it to create notes
2. **Open Obsidian** and enable the Granola Importer plugin
3. **Run the import** via Command Palette: `Granola Importer: Import Granola Notes`
4. **Watch the magic** as your notes are imported with perfect formatting

## Architecture

This plugin follows an atomic-level design with maximum parallelization:

### Core Modules

- **Authentication (`src/auth.ts`)** - Secure credential discovery and token management
- **API Client (`src/api.ts`)** - Lean HTTP client with retry logic and rate limiting
- **Converter (`src/converter.ts`)** - ProseMirror JSON to Markdown transformation
- **Integration (`main.ts`)** - Obsidian plugin implementation with native UI

### Features

- **Cross-platform credential detection** - Automatically finds Granola credentials
- **Robust error handling** - Graceful failures with user-friendly messages
- **Rate limiting protection** - Exponential backoff for API requests
- **Batch processing** - Efficient handling of large note collections
- **Conflict resolution** - Updates existing notes or creates new ones

## Security

- **No credential storage** - Reads directly from Granola's secure storage
- **No token logging** - Credentials never appear in console or logs
- **Secure error handling** - Error messages don't expose sensitive data

## Performance

- **Bundle size**: 6.6KB (minified)
- **Startup impact**: < 50ms
- **Memory efficient**: Processes notes in batches
- **Tree shaking**: Only includes necessary dependencies

## Supported Note Types

- **Paragraphs** with rich text formatting
- **Headings** (H1-H6)
- **Lists** (bulleted and numbered)
- **Text formatting** (bold, italic, code, links)
- **YAML frontmatter** with metadata

## Requirements

- Obsidian v0.15.0+
- Granola app installed with existing notes
- Node.js 16+ (for development)

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Follow the atomic development structure
4. Ensure tests pass: `npm run build`
5. Submit a pull request

## License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details

## Support

- Report issues: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/amittell/obsidian-granola/issues)
- Documentation: [Wiki](https://github.com/amittell/obsidian-granola/wiki)

---

Built with ❤️ for the Obsidian community

Commit message:

feat: add ultra fancy deployment scripts with ASCII art and animations
- deploy-fancy.sh: Maximum entertainment deployment with rainbow ASCII art, animations, fireworks
- deploy.sh: Clean, professional deployment option
- DEPLOYMENT-GUIDE.md: Comprehensive deployment documentation
- Updated README.md with deployment instructions

Both scripts build and deploy plugin to Obsidian vault automatically

README.md, after:

# Granola Importer Plugin for Obsidian

A lean, beautiful Obsidian plugin that imports your Granola notes with perfect formatting preservation.

## Features

- **One-click import** of all your Granola notes
- **Perfect formatting preservation** from ProseMirror to Markdown
- **Secure credential management** with automatic detection
- **Smart conflict resolution** for existing notes
- **Minimal footprint** with optimized bundle size (6.6KB)
- **Cross-platform support** (macOS, Windows, Linux)

## Installation

### Quick Deployment

For development and testing, use the deployment scripts:

```bash
# Ultra fancy deployment with ASCII art and animations
./deploy-fancy.sh

# Or simple, clean deployment
./deploy.sh
```

**Important**: Update `VAULT_PATH` in the script to point to your Obsidian vault.

### Manual Installation

1. Download the latest release
2. Extract `main.js`, `manifest.json`, and `styles.css` to your vault's `.obsidian/plugins/granola-importer/` folder
3. Enable the plugin in Obsidian Settings → Community Plugins

### Development

```bash
git clone https://github.com/amittell/obsidian-granola.git
cd obsidian-granola
npm install
npm run dev
```

See [DEPLOYMENT-GUIDE.md](DEPLOYMENT-GUIDE.md) for detailed deployment instructions.

## Usage

1. **Ensure Granola is installed** and you've used it to create notes
2. **Open Obsidian** and enable the Granola Importer plugin
3. **Run the import** via Command Palette: `Granola Importer: Import Granola Notes`
4. **Watch the magic** as your notes are imported with perfect formatting

## Architecture

This plugin follows an atomic-level design with maximum parallelization:

### Core Modules

- **Authentication (`src/auth.ts`)** - Secure credential discovery and token management
- **API Client (`src/api.ts`)** - Lean HTTP client with retry logic and rate limiting
- **Converter (`src/converter.ts`)** - ProseMirror JSON to Markdown transformation
- **Integration (`main.ts`)** - Obsidian plugin implementation with native UI

### Features

- **Cross-platform credential detection** - Automatically finds Granola credentials
- **Robust error handling** - Graceful failures with user-friendly messages
- **Rate limiting protection** - Exponential backoff for API requests
- **Batch processing** - Efficient handling of large note collections
- **Conflict resolution** - Updates existing notes or creates new ones

## Security

- **No credential storage** - Reads directly from Granola's secure storage
- **No token logging** - Credentials never appear in console or logs
- **Secure error handling** - Error messages don't expose sensitive data

## Performance

- **Bundle size**: 6.6KB (minified)
- **Startup impact**: < 50ms
- **Memory efficient**: Processes notes in batches
- **Tree shaking**: Only includes necessary dependencies

## Supported Note Types

- **Paragraphs** with rich text formatting
- **Headings** (H1-H6)
- **Lists** (bulleted and numbered)
- **Text formatting** (bold, italic, code, links)
- **YAML frontmatter** with metadata

## Requirements

- Obsidian v0.15.0+
- Granola app installed with existing notes
- Node.js 16+ (for development)

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Follow the atomic development structure
4. Ensure tests pass: `npm run build`
5. Submit a pull request

## License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details

## Support

- Report issues: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/amittell/obsidian-granola/issues)
- Documentation: [Wiki](https://github.com/amittell/obsidian-granola/wiki)

---

Built with ❤️ for the Obsidian community
